handle marketplace in dumping content objects (#2767)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where in some occasions running of test-playbooks could receive session timeouts.
* Fixed an issue where making a change in a module using an ApiModule would cause lint to run on the ApiModule unnecessarily.

> * Fixed an issue where the `marketplace` field was ignored where dumping pack zips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the `marketplace` field was not used when dumping pack zips.
```
